# MVP Proposal 
A Minimum Viable Product method showcases the importance of understanding and learning how to function in a new or newer product development project. The MVP is a concept that stresses the impact of learning in new product development. As Eric Ries covered in the Minimum Value Product (MVP) article, an MVP is essentially a specific version of a product that enables the team to collect data and learn from their said customers with the littlest amount of effort possible. Using the MVP concept can help see what the users are doing more effortlessly and in real-time. In essence, MVP is a key component in helping the team become more knowledgeable of their target audience/customers for their said product. The MVP concept is a great way to determine if the user will like the software and figure out what part of the software is used by the user. With this in mind, a primary benefit is that you can see what interests them about your product with the knowledge of the customer's thoughts on the product in mind. “What about the product we’ve made makes their gears turn?” perhaps. The best part is that your product does not even have to be fully complete to qualify as an MVP. The MVP method will eliminate wasted time building the software and help make a more helpful software that users would love to use. As the article also stated, the functions of your product, such as a website, can be done manually to give the appearance of it being automatic or automated. With this, you can perceive the reactions and thoughts from the customer to see how interested the users are in your product. However, the biggest thing to focus on with an MVP is the M, minimum. You do not necessarily need a market-ready product to test out the feedback you get from customers.  

As stated before, you can make the processes of a website manual when testing it with the customer. However, you don’t have to have all functions A-Z working. Perhaps you want to receive feedback on functions C, J, and X, for example. In this sense, you’re utilizing the M in MVP by not completing or testing out all processes A-Z. Overall, an MVP is a necessary step in developing a final product. With it, you can generalize what needs improvement to better your product for the marketplace. Without it, you may release a product that you believe to be marketable, but in the end, the customers may see something they dislike significantly. Our team, CodeSquad, proposes creating a PitHub video management system to give the user the ability to post videos along with comments or directions to understand through the MVP method what the user likes or dislikes about the software. In addition, discover or find out if they will like it at all.   

The PitHub video management software will be coded with the standard web application coding languages, and this will include HTML (HyperText Markup Language), CSS (Cascading Style Sheet), and JavaScript. The HTML code part of the PitHub, video management system will be the basic framework to hold the other content. The Pithub video management system's CSS part will make the page aesthetically pleasing to make the user enjoy interacting with the system. This will ensure that we provide the best user experience in order to promote people or users to interact with and become loyal users. We will also include MERN (MongoDB, Express, React, Node) programming languages with .ejs templete files that are javascript files that allow for html coding to work within the node.js file structure. This is for the purpose of pulling in external data in the HTML to simplify the coding process. The MERN stack in our application is an open-source JavaScript that is a modern best practice for web applications. Our team, CodeSquad, also proposes that we use the up-to-date ADA (American Disability Act) compliant that will make the site assessable to people with disability. In addition, the Pithub video management system will include Google cloud to publish and manage the online software of the PitHub video management system. 

Our team, CodeSquad, proposes creating a simplified rough draft of the PitHub video management system and making it accessible to the public to use the MVP method to collect data and understand the user's likes and dislikes with the application. The most important part for us to gain information is the video upload process. For this to be a successful product software, a video upload system is easy to use. The system will have to have a way for the user to upload and delete or replace videos on the PitHub video management system. Using the MVP, we will be able to learn by the user's activity on the page if we were successful in the development and visual design of the system. 

Using the MVP process or method will help create the best PitHub video management system software product we can make. The PitHub, video management system will be accessible on the world wide web (www) and will be developed with industry-standard web languages. To reach the most users and create a user-friendly system, we will stick to the ADA guidelines. Following through on all the above-proposed outlines for our PitHub video management system will put us on the right road to a fully developed practical application that people want to use.
